>> Jon Kuperman: So yes,
we can step through JavaScript files.
We can add break points, which we saw
we can do that via the debugger, or
you can just do it by
clicking the line number.
Black-boxing scripts is really important.
So once you get into real applications,
we all use frameworks or libraries, right?
And so what you'll often see is you're
trying to figure out how you got to this
error state, and you've got this call
stack that'll be 300 functions long.
And most of them are React internals,
Redux intern.
You know the bug is not there, right,
the bug is in your application code.
So what you can do if you ever have
file names here that you're like,
I'm not interested in that at all,
you can right-click on any file and
you can black-box the script.
And blackboxing is essentially that,
it's, this is not mine,
this is some third-party thing.
I don't need this right now,
so it'll black-box it.
That'll do it by the URL that you're
loading, right, by the app you're loading.
There's also an option if you go under the
three dots here, and you go into settings,
and then Black-boxing,
you can add permanent black-boxes.
So, you can be like I never wanna
debug JQuery.js, that's not my file,
I don't want you ever to stop in there.
Because another thing that you'll
see the call stacks will be long.
But also sometimes you'll do that DOM
break point that we did in the editing
section, you'll be what's
changing the color of this.
But if you're using a library like React,
it's always gonna be React that's
changing the color, right?
You don't really wanna see the React code,
you wanna see your code, right?
You wanna see where you call a set state,
you don't wanna see where
React actually manipulates
the class list or whatever.
Yeah, Steve?
>> Steve: So let's say I have React that
calls jQuery and also have D3 that
calls jQuery, and I black-box React,
will that automatically black-box Box D3?
>> Jon Kuperman: It will not, so
you'd have to black-box all of
the ones that you want black-boxed.
And the UI's actually really great
with those kind of examples.
Cuz what it'll start doing is it'll start,
it would show you D3 and
then it would show you this little
mini thing that says we hid 20 scripts
because of your black-boxes.
And then it would show you
whatever your other one was.
So as you add, kind of more and more, but
you would have to do each of them because
it's all just script names to them.
But again, if that's common, going to
the settings in the global just makes life
a lot easier, where you're like, I work
with React and I work with D3 a lot.
I don't ever want you to show me those in
the call stacks or in the watch mode, and
everything gets a lot easier.
Any other questions on black boxing?
Yeah, and
it's also really safe, it'll always, even
after you've black-boxed there's always,
it'll show a black-boxed list here and
you can un-black box scripts.
So it's not like you lose
access to things like that,
it just tries to compress
the call stack for you.